ARTICLE I

Section 1. The name of this organization is Culinary Explorations

ARTICLE II

Section 1. The purpose of this organization shall be to have a monthly potluck focusing on different themes. Our objectives include culinary self-studying, and in-depth real applications of these studies.

Section II. Every meeting is a certain themed potluck, where members are encouraged to bring applied culinary topics to our meetings.

Section III. Potentially, this club also intends to become more involved in the local community, in a charitable way. Options on this Section willl be discussed and potentially executed during future club meetings.

ARTIClE III

Section I. All Millikan students are eligible to be members of any Millikan High School club.

ARTICLE IV

Officers and Organization

Section I. The officers of this organization shall be a President, Vice-President, Secretary, and Treasurer. 

Section II. Nomination and Electron

A. The President by default is Aaron Golden.

B. The Vice-President by default is Manuel Castelan.

C. The Secretary by default is Alejando Nuno.

D. The Treasurer by default is Oscar.

E. When a leadership position is available, an unofficial "next-in-line" list shall be referred to.

F. Members can advance on this "next-in-line" list by the President's discretion via being orderly and bringing culinary items to meetings.

ARTICLE V

Section 1. The club 'Culinary Exploration' shall meet during lunch every first Wednesday of the month in room 417.

ARTICLE VI

Adoption and Amendment

Section 1. Provision for adopting the Constitution is a 51% majority.

Section 2. Provision for emending the Constitution is a 2/3rd majority.

ARTICLE VII

Powers 

Section 1. The Activities Director and/or Principals have the right to veto any proposal and action of the club which might be contrary to school policy.

ARTICLE VIII

Dues, Fees and Fines

Section 1. There are no dues for the club, outside of, if you do not bring a food item to the meeting you do not get to eat.